# minecraft

I uploaded a redstone world in here. It is in gamemode survival. And I would like to expand this idea from a simple world to a redstone-filled world. Something which many people have already done. But I will still embark on this path just because I would like to have a single world in minecraft that will be used by me everytime I play minecraft. I have chosen Github as a repository of my minecraft world because I don't like doing it with Google Drive anymore. I suggest to my future self to never play minecraft unless there's something to listen to. As in this way, I believe, while playing the game, there is knowledge that get stuck in my mind. I also believe that the integration of the game to an information is something that connects that information further to you, having its own meaning translatable to a thing in the game. Although this might sound all make-believe, my experience proves to me otherwise that there are times that being busy doing other things while listening, like when I was drawing while my teacher was discussing. Even though I was drawing, it didn't hinder me from being able to fully understand what the teacher was saying, and I think it's because drawing doesn't really take that much toil on the mind, and I what I meant to say by this is, there were times that the topic gets interesting that hooked the attention of the listener that resulted to me turning my attention to him. But there are times that the teacher is just repeating his words, or affirming them, which in that case, I believe, my past self easily mitigate any further strain on my mind by easily turning my attention to what I'm drawing. This idea of turning to drawing and to listening based on which is more interesting at the moment, is something that I believe that exists as a phenomenon that even I personally experienced. But going back to where this started, Minecraft is a game that helps your creativity develop. Through it I was able to learn abstract concepts such as redstone, which I believe is a cool concept and can be compared to our electronics. But Minecraft doesn't always provide you of what you need at the moment because sometimes it's boring. But although it is boring, there are times that it can also be entertaining. And what I mean by entertaining is if the things that it does encourage to me, such as achieving all the achievements of a player, doesn't get into me or controls what I do in the game. Basically, I'm saying that I want to play it truthfully. But Minecraft is not a truthful game, and we can say that it is a patient game, a logical game, a reason game. But the truth, the whole of it, is not in minecraft. That's the ultimate reason it's boring, but using the concept of turning to a game and to listening alternately based on which is interesting, I was able, I think, to use Minecraft in a way I can take advantage of it. And this advantage is giving me an object to focus to when I'm uninterested with the topic I'm listening to. So there future me, do a lot of redstone creation in this survival world while listening to educational media. 
